Fix prop name; `counter-increment` to `counter-set` (#35680)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_counter_styles/using_css_counters/index.md

You can specify the increment or decrement amount after the counter name. It can be a positive or negative number, but defaults to `1` if no integer is provided.

> Apart from increment or decrement, counters can also be explicitly set to a value using {{cssxref("counter-set")}} property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from incrementing or decrementing, counters can also be explicitly set to a value using the {{cssxref("counter-set")}} property.
```
